# Minutes of HCCC Committee Meeting 15th January 2019 #


## Present ## 
 * Joy Edwards  (JE) Chair
 * Siobhan Baxter (SB) Secretary
 * Stephen Potter (SP) Treasurer
 * Paula Bates (PB) 
 * Sean Burlington (SeB)
 * Luke Edwards (LE)
 * Simon Baxter (SGB)

## Apologies ##
 * Kate Wiscombe 
 * John de Bank (JdB)
 * Don Featherstone

------------------

JE welcomed all. 

--------------

There were apologies from Kate Wiscombe, John de Bank & Don Featherstone

------------------

JE thanks for attending, minutes of last meeting accepted, no outstanding actions that were not going to be covered within the meeting

The minutes were agreed and signed off by JE.

-----------------

Matters arising from the previous meeting as follows; all actions completed

---------------


## Financial Position of the Club ##
SP presented accounts; club showing a healthy balance of £4700

All bills are up to date other than the January pool session  fee £90.00

Electric paid up to date

Boxing Day safety paddle – Steve will follow up discussions  with the Rotary Club as money was promised to the club as members supported the event on the day  **Action: Steve**

All present thanked SP as  the detail  was very clear/easy to read
 


### Grants ###
JE clarified what grants she had applied for, she also explained that we are only eligible for only a percentage of money for the larger boat rather than full amount as first thought.

Need to carry out a kit audit to see if there is anything out of date/needed to purchase before the beginning of next year **Action Joy**

All agreed to look at purchasing another/2 larger boats due to increasing membership and larger built paddlers, this may be able to be funded under a safety grant. **Action Paula/Luke**

----------------------------

##Joy read out her chairperson’s report.##

JE thanked the coaches for giving their time and commitment, echoed the appreciation to all in regard to the pool sessions which have helped club members keep in touch over the winter months

The Club continues to grow and it is pleasing to see social activities and winter paddling - thanks to all who continue to make this happen.

Recent meeting with Daryl Chambers - BTC as issues were raised in regard to shared access with the gig club, Daryl clarified the meter layout for both clubs - he has agreed to have all utility bills sent to him and then send on to respective clubs to ensure timely payment - his team will read the meters to avoid confusion and improve accuracy, he will also monitor prices and move providers as the council see fit.

The gig club have new committee members and we hope to improve relations over the coming year - possibly invite them to our events.

Charity Return;

completed annually

criteria has changed, the information on Trustee details is given as part of that requirement 
Only names of the Trustees will be published on the website not other info

-----------------------------------

## Coaches Report ##
LE explained that the current award star certificates have been replaced with a  new award syllabus as introduced by British Canoeing

Lengthy discussion - changes effective from Jan 2019. 

Aim to look at individual members and have each person with a goal of step/skills to achieve over the coming year. 

Members to be encouraged to record what skills/distance and types of paddles they do in a weekly log - this log creates evidence of competency for each skill awarded.

Coaches and their training requirements were discussed at length as they levels for them are clearer with the new style awards.

Existing/previous certs’ still stand but it is clear that for each nominated leader/coach there are certs’ to achieve.
 it was agreed to get in touch with BC area rep’ for formal guidance, linking in with John Purse too 

fees and funding for coach/leaders training was discussed agree to fund all training/courses with prior agreement from the committee and as long as the courses are in line with level of club membership 

All members are progressing well - with growing numbers each week discussion on novice paddlers/more experienced paddlers was had. 

Focus next year will be on structure of the evenings to accommodate all levels of paddlers, possibly splitting the group per ability then coming together at the end of the session. 

More away trips planned and hope to do more on the sea as skills and abilities progress, trying to plan evening sessions in advance to accommodate all levels



----------------------------


## Insurance ##

all paid - renewal was £249.77 need to think about price comparison for next year 

Any items left in the shed not owned by the club are not covered under the insurance - everyone be aware please. 

Advise members to check household insurance for insurance as items often covered in household policies.

26 new cags have been purchased and 7 neoprene spray decks; need to get rid of other poor condition cags, use older buoyancy aids for the open day just in case they are needed and then dispose of.


---------------------


## Safety Review ##

Sean is leading on this as Club Safety Officer;

documents and policies are being updated and uploaded on to the Club website **Action Sean**

Encourage all committee to check and agree them via email as these are time consuming to go through at meetings. **Action All**

Need to review the club constitution over the coming year and standing operating procedures &  health and safety document to look at by next meeting – these will be circulated to committee **Action Sean/Joy**

Safeguarding - we need to review the shed layout to allow people to change in private if required - this will free up the toilet - Simon to look at this as a working party during inventory and kit safety  check with Sean and Luke (suggest rails and shower curtains for simple waterproof facilities and make a few large cubicles) **Action Simon/Luke** 

Need to look at consent forms for photos, medical conditions - see what BC have and make use of theirs.

Sean will upload all risk assessments to the Club Website once done as part of club openness & transparency 

These will form part of the weekly lesson planning and members skill mix 

Thanks given to Sean for all his hard work so far



-----------------------------


## AOB ##

Paula made JE aware that the Gig cub were continuing to park across the drive entrance, at times leaving the white van in front of the chain unattended and locked whilst the driver is on the water. 

If we did need to collect boats from the shed it would have been difficult. **Action Joy**

Simon and Kieran aren’t able to help at next pool session - mentioned for awareness as others will be need to help transport boats

it was agreed it was a lengthy but worthwhile meeting as many actions came out of the discussions

### Post meeting ### 
a Core coaching course is being run at Weymouth Outdoor Education Centre. 

Names of suitable participants to be circulated to the committee  and funding agreed for them to take part


**Self-Promotion of Club** reminder for all members on Facebook to promote Club/share events within their friends to increase awareness


----------------------


The date of the next Committee meeting was proposed for next meeting 

Tuesday 5th March (Pancake Day) 2019 at 7.30pm The Nelson, Meeting Room.


[Orignal Minutes in Word Format](HCCC minutes - 220119.docx)


