# Minutes of HCCC Committee Meeting 11th October 2018 #


## Present ##
 * Joy Edwards  (JE) Chair
 * Siobhan Baxter (SB) Secretary
 * Stephen Potter (SP) Treasurer
 * Paula Bates (PB) 
 * Sean Burlington (SeB)
 * Luke Edwards (LE)
 * Simon Baxter (SGB)
 * John de Bank (JdB)
 * Kath Ailward (KA)
 * Kieran Baxter (KB)non committee member

# Apologies # 
 * Kate Wiscombe 
 * Don Featherstone

------------------

Joy welcomed all. 

------------------

There were apologies from Kate Wiscombe & Don Featherstone

-------------------

Joy thanks for attending, minutes of last meeting accepted, no outstanding actions
The minutes were agreed and signed off by Joy.


---------------------------

Matters arising from the previous meeting as follows; all actions completed

-------------------------

### Financial Position of the Club ###
Stephen presented accounts; club showing a healthy balance of £4379.31, all present thanked Stephen as  the detail  was very clear/easy to read 
### Grants ###

Joy has applied for and received confirmation of several grants, Bridport Car Boot, Gannet Foundation and the Leisure Development Fund -  monies awarded/pending have to be spent on specific things such as training, safety equipment, waterproof clothing and so on. 

Need to carry out a kit audit to see if there is anything out of date/needed to purchase before the beginning of next year **Action Luke / Paula**

-----------------------

Joy read out her chairperson’s report.  

Joy thanked the coaches for giving their time and commitment, echoed the appreciation to all in regard to the pool sessions which have helped club members keep in touch over the winter months 



------------------------------


### Coaches Report ###
Luke explained that the current award star certificates will be phased out next year, being replaced in March 2019; discussion around what they would look like as it is hoped that many members will progress through the awards to achieve certification. Certification of members would support the club more widely, focus on supporting new paddlers and for more experienced members to develop skills to certification level members will be encourage to express an interest if wanting to do the skills once more is known, not compulsory but if coaches know who would like to do this they can then fine tune weekly sessions accordingly

Paula suggested we invite John Purse - local British Canoe area link to a separate meeting to gain as much knowledge of what is likely to be introduced plus give the club more focus and involvement with the British Canoeing generally  **Action Luke**

All members are progressing well - with growing numbers each week discussion on novice paddlers/more experienced paddlers was had. Focus next year will be on structure of the evenings to accommodate all levels of paddlers, possibly splitting the group per ability then coming together at the end of the session. 
more away trips planned and hope to do more on the sea as skills and abilities progress, trying to plan evening sessions in advance to accommodate all levels


### Pool Sessions ###
well attended and positive feedback from members received.
it is likely that members wishing to attend pool sessions will be asked to book and pay for each session in advance as numbers are strong but we are limited by the Leisure Centre; Steve looking in to this and details will be shared once able **Action Stephen**

---------------------------------

### Membership ###
Any new members who join the club; membership fee is confirmed as half price from now up until April 2019 when full memberships are due


-------------------------------

### Correspondence ### 
British Canoeing Affiliation paperwork received Siobhan explained that we had purchased 6 river licences to cover attendance at away days 


-------------------------------

### Facebook ###

Confusion remains as the club has 2 pages, it was agreed to make the Heritage Coast Canoe Club Group page a private page accessed by followers once approved by admin - Luke & Sean the other page to remain an open page for those searching kayaking locally to encourage awareness of the club

**Action Sean and Luke**

-------------------------



### AOB ###

Kath has kindly donated a XL neoprene spray deck - thank you Kath 

another Foundation Safety & Rescue Training (FRST) session run by John Purse is being held on Sunday 14th October for those who were unable to attend the first session - stands for attendees are Luke, Katrina, Sean, Gayle and Steve

**Winter Paddling**
27 October - trip to Nene White Water Centre - Paula arranging - liaise with SB if interested 30th October - Halloween Paddle followed by a barbecue - email SB for catering numbers

**Christmas Social**
Tuesday 11th Dec 7.30pm - Wetherspoons - email SB

**Andy Atherton** - Portland Canoe Club is holding a series of pool sessions both at Portland and Bridport - will post on Facebook for anyone interested in taking part

**Gig Club** - we are still chasing Daryll Chambers (Bridport Council) for a date to meet and discuss issues of concern, namely parking on the green, equipment being stored in the toilet and stared utility bills 

**Online banking** - Steve asked for the committees support on this as would make life a little easier scubas paying bills etc - all agreed - SP to action


**Self Promotion of Club** reminder for all members on Facebook to promote Club/share events within their friends to increase awareness


-------------------------


The date of the next Committee meeting was proposed for Tuesday 15th Jan 2019 at 7.30pm The Nelson, Meeting Room.


[Original Minutes as Word Doc](HCCC minutes - 241018.docx)







