# Minutes of HCCC Committee Meeting 5th March 2018 #


## Present ##
 * Joy Edwards – Chair
 * Siobhan Baxter – Secretary
 * Stephen Potter  (Treasurer)
 * Luke Edwards
 * Simon Baxter (SGB)
 * Paula Bates 
 * Kate Wiscombe
 * Sean Burlington (SeB)

## Apologies ##
 * John De Bank
 * Don

----------------------------


JE welcomed all.

--------------------------

There were apologies from John De Bank & Don

------------------------

SB read through the action points from the minutes arising from the last meeting.

Dons surname needs correcting

2 larger boats purchased; agreed to purchase a back band for one of the new boats **Action Paula**

The minutes were then agreed and signed off by JE.

----------------------------


## Matters arising from the previous meeting as follows ##

Parking - Gig club continue to block the gate with the white van - the Gig Club itself is believed to be speaking with the owner/driver due to repeated times of blocking the gateway

**Action Joy**

--------------------------------

## Financial Position of the Club ##

Up to date report was circulated before the meeting 

Steve needs to chase the Bridport Round Table for money for helping with 2018 boxing day swim **Action Stephen**


Format of Committee Meetings

Discussion. it was agreed to submit/circulate charts report, coaches report, safety report, treasurers report to club sec’ week before a meeting, 

Agenda to be circulated to all in advance with reports to aid speed of meeting; we then discuss matters arising and finer points if needed - aim to reduce length of meetings



--------------------------------------

JE read out her **chairperson’s report**

Jez has paid membership for coming year but not completed a form, he also paid 15.00 for last pool session

JE has registered the club on Active Dorset 

WDDC 2019 rate relief expires on 31/3/2020, we need to complete application form for further relief on or before this date 

we applied for a grant to cover the FSRT courses ( applied some time ago) this has now come through so effectively the club ran 2 sessions at £135 each - total cost being £270, cost to club was £20 as £250 covered the bulk of the fees 

WDDC gave a grant for leisure development - we will receive 156.17 as this is 20% of the grant received

---------------------------------

## Coaches Report ##

PB reported as below;

well attended talk by Darren Clarkson King which helped with social profile of the club lots of training, 

pool sessions have been well attended - thanks to Kate for organising these the membership has been kept busy and involved over the winters months and are looking forward to the coming season

Skills/Awards have changed over the past months, ‘Foundation Safety & Rescue Training’ – once gained this will allow more paddlers to lead but not coach

-------------------------------------

## DBS ##

Joy has registered to be a verifier of DBS submitted by the club - it was agreed to ensure all coaches, paddlesport instructors Club Chair and Secretary need DBS certs’  **Action Joy**

Safeguarding certs’ are transferable so no need to re-do - if you have certs’ through work then please provide evidence and upload a copy to SB who can log a record of person and cert dates



---------------------------

## Policies ## 

circulated previously need signing off by 31/3/19, comments to Sean otherwise they will be deemed as accepted and will be published on club website the policies will be printed and displayed in the boat shed for members awareness policies will be made available to all members when completing forms - possibly create a booklet outlining these and club expectations - **Action All**

-------------------------

## clubhouse update ##

it was agreed that Sean have a set of keys SGB review of boats/kit; 

more airbags are needed, also same for the red open boat some kayaks don’t have any **Action Paula**

Footpegs needed - to purchase **Action Luke**

Buoyancy Aids - need checking and marking with ID marks to allow a record of checks **Action Sean**

Some boats have been moved in to the super shed - namely Elises’ and 4 boats that are marked as faulty Access to the shed - very difficult; ideas and ways to make moving boats a little easier through the doorway for H&S and moving handling concerns; liaise with BTC over coming months 

Changing Rooms - needed for safeguarding policy compliance and to reduce number of people getting changed in the toilet **Action Simon/Luke**

---------------------------


## Coast Watch ##

publicised on the Facebook page; details to be displayed in the shed **Action Sean** they need to be informed if the club is practising sea rescues and other large activity in the sea;
 
the club VHF radios need checking - battery life etc **Action Simon**




---------------------------

## Training Costs ##

need to develop a club training structure the ratio is 8;1 paddlers;instructors (NB originally minuted as 6:1 the BC guidance is 8:1)

courses being paid for by the club; extensive discussion on this any request for the club to support and pay for course fees is to be made in writing to the club secretary - this will be considered by the committee

it was agreed that members who had attended recent FSRT would be approached to see if the would like to do the Paddlesport Instructor Course as this is the next progression of award to allow the club to run the weekly sessions, thus allowing the coaches to take the more experienced paddlers names; Sean, Simon, Kieran, Katrina, Dan, Kate, Kath John de Bank, Sophie - SB to email those people to see if they would like to do PSI

it was agreed to fund/support Kieran and Sean for Sheltered Water Course Paula, Luke, Sean and Kieran are attending core-training 2 day course on 13/14th March - funded by the club

any other potential courses/payment/attendance would be agreed in advance by committee decision

------------------

## pool sessions##

 no others to be put on - will book BLC for end of season **Action Kate**

------------------

## structure of evening weekly sessions ##
knowing and planning in advance from a paddlers angle,
 
helps the sessions run smoothly; will come in to their own with support from PSI’s and coaches as people progress with their training

-----------------------

## date of new season ##
2nd & 9th April; for the paddlers with FSRT and PSI plus Coaches 16th April - existing members

23rd April - open to all comers

Need to publicise these dates on Facebook and email existing members

---------------


## AOB ##

email dates to all members; develop a members contact list **Action Sean/Siobhan**

Westbay Days; Philip Ringer made club aware of happy to be approached for any grants; would need to help on the day (date tbc) **ACtion Joy**

Gig Regatta; joint awareness/opportunity of club profile (date tbc) **Action All**


-----------------


The date of the next meeting Wed 8th May, 7.30pm The Nelson


meeting closed 9.30pm



[Original Minutes as Word Doc](HCCC minutes - 110319.docx)



